removing tutorial form the repository (closes #238) (#266)
nipype/pydra: tutorial/README.md

# Pydra Tutorial

Python Tutorial has been moved to a separate [GitHub repository](https://github.com/nipype/pydra-tutorial).

> The tutorial could be run with [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/nipype/pydra-tutorial/master?filepath=notebooks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interactive tutorial is available at  [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/nipype/pydra-tutorial/master?filepath=notebooks)
```
